Measuring heterogeneity in the returns to education using an education reform.
How large are human capital externalities? Evidence from compulsory schooling laws.
The economic returns to schooling in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Does compulsory school attendance affect schooling and earnings?
Growth Theory through the Lens of Development Economics.
Unobserved Ability and the Return to Schooling.
Winners and losers in Russia's economic transition.
Firms' Rents, Workers' Bargaining Power and the Union Wage Premium.
Returns to education quality for low skilled students: Evidence from a discontinuity.
Skills and the evolution of wage inequality.
Using geographic variation in college proximity to estimate the return to schooling.
Estimating the return to schooling: Progress on some persistent econometric problems.
Estimating marginal returns to education.
Education and anti-immigration attitudes: Evidence from compulsory schooling reforms across Western Europe.
Markets for communist human capital: Returns to education and experience in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Forced to be rich? Returns to compulsory schooling in Britain.
The specification of earnings functions: tests and implications.
Schooling and labor market consequences of school construction in Indonesia: Evidence from an unusual policy experiment.
Changes in returns to education in India, 1983–94: by gender, age-cohort and location.
The Gender Wage Gap among Young Adults in the United States: The Importance of Money versus People.
Community College Enrollment, College Major, and the Gender Wage Gap.
The labor of division: Returns to compulsory high school math coursework.
Returns to Schooling in Russia and Ukraine: A Semiparametric Approach to Cross-Country Comparative Analysis.
Changes in College Skills and the Rise in the College Wage Premium.
Estimates of the economic return to schooling for the United Kingdom.
The Marginal and Average Returns to Schooling in the UK.
The Returns to Education: Microeconomics.
Growth Diagnostic: Belize.
Earnings functions, rates of return and treatment effects: The Mincer equation and beyond.
The Phantom Gender Difference in the College Wage Premium.
Lower and Upper Bounds of Returns to Schooling: An Exercise in IV estimation with different instruments.
The long-run educational cost of World War II.
Estimates of the Return to Schooling in Sweden from a Large Sample of Twins.
Are Educated Workers Really More Productive?
Labor market returns to two- and four-year colleges: Is a credit a credit and do degrees matter?
Why did wage inequality increase? Evidence from urban India 1983–99.
Does the Labour Market Explain Lower Female Schooling in India?
Interpreting instrumental variables estimates of the returns to schooling.
Estimating Returns to Education Using Different Natural Experiment Techniques.
Education, earnings, and the “Canadian G.I. Bill”.
Who Receives the College Wage Premium Assessing the Labor Market Returns to Degrees and College Transfer Patterns.
What do Twins Studies Reveal About the Economic Returns to Education?
Estimating the social return to higher education: evidence from longitudinal and repeated cross-sectional data.
Returns to Human Capital Under the Communist Wage Grid and During the Transition to A Market Economy.
Estimating average and local average treatment effects of education when compulsory schooling laws really matter.
The intergenerational effects of compulsory schooling.
Zero Returns to Compulsory Schooling in Germany: Evidence and Interpretation.
Earnings and education in Greece, 1960–1977.
Returns to Education: A Further International Update and Implications.
Human Capital and Earnings: British Evidence and a Critique.
Instrumental variables regression with weak instruments.
Compulsory education and the benefits of schooling.
The Rising College Premium in the Eighties: Return to College or Return to Unobserved Ability?
Evidence on the Employer Size-Wage Premium from Worker-Establishment Matched Data.
Long-run returns to education: Does schooling lead to an extended old age?